Sql transport packages (#6111)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/sql/sql-statements.md

snippet: ReceiveTextSql

> The `CorrelationId`, `ReplyToAddress` and `Recoverable` columns are required for backwards compatibility with version 1 of the [NServiceBus.SqlServer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.SqlServer) transport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CorrelationId`, `ReplyToAddress` and `Recoverable` columns are required for backwards compatibility with version 1 of the [NServiceBus.SqlServer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.SqlServer) package. The values of correlation ID and reply-to address should be read from the headers (`NServiceBus.CorrelationId` and `NServiceBus.ReplyToAddress`) instead. The value `Recoverable` can be ignored as it is always `true`/`1`.
```

> include: backwards-compatibility-receive-message
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Send message

Places a message on the queue.

snippet: SendTextSql

> The `CorrelationId`, `ReplyToAddress` and `Recoverable` columns are required for backwards compatibility with version 1 of the [NServiceBus.SqlServer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.SqlServer) transport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CorrelationId`, `ReplyToAddress` and `Recoverable` columns are required for backwards compatibility with version 1 of the [NServiceBus.SqlServer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.SqlServer) package. The values of the correlation ID and reply-to address columns should be set to `NULL` and the actual values provided in the headers (`NServiceBus.CorrelationId` and `NServiceBus.ReplyToAddress`). The value `Recoverable` should always be `true`/`1`.
```

> include: backwards-compatibility-send-message
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
